DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT All Customers within the European Economic Area (EEA or EU) or otherwise who or which are data controllers or processors subject to Applicable Data Protection Law (as described below) are required to review and sign this Data Processing Addendum in order for Knack to provide the Knack Services under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). If you do not believe you are a data controller or a processor, you should not sign this Addendum. Once signed, please send to dpa-submissions@knack.com for us to process and update your account. Note that only one signed DPA is needed per account. THIS DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT(“DPA”) is made as of May 7, 2024 (the “Effective Date”). BETWEEN: Evenly Odd, Inc. d/b/a Knack.com, a company whose address is 502 W 7th Street #100 Erie, PA 16502 USA (“Processor”); and the entity signing below (“Customer”). BACKGROUND: (A) Customer intends to transfer certain Personal Data to Processor, so that it may be Processed in accordance with an agreement for the provision of Processor’s services entered by and between the parties (the “Agreement”). (B) The parties agree that this DPA will govern the parties’ rights and obligations with respect to the Processing of such Personal Data and that the Agreement will govern in all other respects. (C) Capitalized terms used but not defined in this DPA shall have the meanings given in the Agreement. The parties hereby as follows: 1. DataProtection 1.1. Definitions: In this Clause, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) "controller", "processor", "data subject", "personal data" and "processing" (and "process") shall have the meanings given in EU/UK Data Protection Law and other Applicable Data Protection Law;(b) "Applicable Data Protection Law" means all worldwide data protection and privacy laws and regulations, to the extent applicable to the parties and the nature of the personal data processed under the Agreement, including, where applicable, (i) EU/UK Data Protection Law; (ii) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“Swiss FADP”); (iii) any other applicable privacy legislation of similar scope to the aforementioned statutes that become enforceable after execution of this Addendum, and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder (all of which as may be amendedfrom time to time). (c) (d) (e) "EU/UK Data Protection Law" means: (i) Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation) (the "EU GDPR"); (ii) the EU GDPR as saved into United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the United Kingdom's European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK GDPR"); (iii) the EU e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC); and (iv) any and all applicable national data protection laws made under, pursuant to or that apply in conjunction with any of (i), (ii) or (iii); in each case as may be amended or superseded from time to time; "Restricted Transfer" means: (i) where the EU GDPR applies, a transfer of personal data from the EEA to a country outside of the EEA which is not subject to an adequacy determination by the European Commission; and (ii) where the UK GDPR applies, a transfer of personal data from the United Kingdom to any other country which is not based on adequacy regulations pursuant to Section 17A of the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 2018; and (iii) where the Swiss FADP applies, a transfer of personal data from Switzerland to any other country which is not subject to an adequate level of protection decision by the Federal Council. "Standard Contractual Clauses" means: (i) where the EU GDPR applies, the contractual clauses annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council ("EU SCCs"); (ii) where the UK GDPR applies, the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs ("UK SCCs"). If both the EU GDPR and Swiss FADP apply, the EU SCCs shall apply. 1.2. Customer instructions; Type and categories of data to be processed: Customer instructs Processor to process the personal data that is the subject of the Agreement (the "Data") on Customer’s behalf and which Customer may create, maintain, use, disclose, provide or otherwise make available to Processor in connection with the Knack Services and as described in the Privacy Policy. Data which Processor may process is any personal data of the following categories of individuals: Customer’s end-users, customers, clients, patients or other individuals (“Data Subjects”) or its employees and other personnel (“Customer’s Personnel"). In respect of such processing, Customer shall be the controller or processor, and Processor shall be a processor. Each party shall comply with the obligations that apply November 2024to it under Applicable Data Protection Law. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer is and shall remain at all times in its use of the Knack Services either (a) the sole data controller of Customer Data, or (b) has been instructed and has obtained authorization of the relevant data controller(s) to agree to the processing of the Customer Data by Customer and by Processor as set out in this DPA. Processor has no knowledge of Customer’s controllers, Data Subjects, or Customer’s Personnel, as applicable, and Customer remains solely responsible for managing any such relationships. 1.3. 1.4. 1.5. Prohibited data: Customer shall not disclose (and shall not permit any Data Subject or Customer Personnel to disclose) any special categories of Data to Processor for processing except where and to the extent expressly disclosed in Annex I. Purpose limitation: Processor shall process the Data for the purposes described in Annex I and strictly in accordance with the documented instructions of Customer (the "Permitted Purpose"), except where otherwise required by law(s) that are not incompatible with Applicable Data Protection Law. The Permitted Purpose shall be as further described in the Agreement and Knack Privacy Policies, as set forth at https://www.knack.com/privacy/. In no event shall Processor process the Data for its own purposes or those of any third party. Processor shall immediately inform Customer if it becomes aware that such processing instructions infringe Applicable Data Protection Law (but without obligation to actively monitor Customer's compliance with Applicable Data Protection Law which Customer remains solely responsible for), however, Customer acknowledges that given the nature of such processing, it is unlikely that Processor will become aware of any such infringement. Restricted transfers: The parties agree that when the transfer of Data from Customer to Processor is a Restricted Transfer it shall be subject to the following transfer mechanisms in order of preference listed below: 1.5.1. For Restricted Transfers from the EU, the EU-DPF Framework; 1.5.2. For Restricted Transfers from the UK, the UK Extension to the EU-DPF Framework; 1.5.3. For Restricted Transfers from Switzerland, the Swiss Extension to the EU-DPF Framework. 1.5.4. If Processor is not self-certified to the EU-DPF Framework, UK Extension or Swiss Extension, as applicable, or any of such are determined to be not in force or lawful with respect to any Restricted Transfer, then the appropriate Standard Contractual Clauses shall apply as follows: (a) in relation to Data that is protected by the EU GDPR, or Data which is protected by both the EU GDPRandtheSwiss FADP, the EU SCCs are hereby incorporated by reference and will apply as follows: (x) Throughout all applicable Clauses, Module Two will apply where Customer is a controller and Module Three will apply where Customer is a processor of a controller; November 2024(ii) in Clause 7, the optional docking clause will apply; (iii) in Clause 9, Option 2, General Written Authorisation, will apply and the time period for prior notice of subprocessor changes will be pursuant to Section1.9 of this DPA; (iv) in Clause 11(a), the optional language will not apply; (v) in Clause 17, Option 1 will apply, and the EU SCCs will be governed by German law; (vi) in Clause 18(b), disputes shall be resolved before the courts of Germany; (vii) Annex I of the EU SCCs shall be deemed completed with the information set out in Annex I to this DPA; (viii) Annex II of the EU SCCs shall be deemed completed with the information set out in Annex II to this DPA; and (ix) Annex III of the EU SCCs shall be deemed completed with the information set out in Annex III to this DPA; (x) The EU SCCs shall also apply where Data is subject to the Swiss FADP. (b) 1.6. In relation to Data that is protected by the UK GDPR, the “UK Addendum to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses” (“UK Addendum”) issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office under s.119A(1) of the Data Protection Act 2018 are hereby incorporated by reference and completed as follows: (A) (B) The EU SCCs, completed as set out above in Section 1.5.4 of this DPA shall also apply to Restricted Transfers of such Data, subject to sub-clause (B) below; The UK Addendum shall be deemed executed between the transferring Customer and the Processor, and the EU SCCs shall be deemed amended as specified by the UK Addendum in respect of the transfer of such Data. Onward transfers: Except as permitted by this DPA, Processor shall not engage in other Restricted Transfers unless: (i) it has first obtained Customer’s prior written consent; (ii) an adequate level of protection is ensured in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Law; and (iii) the Restricted Transfer is made in full compliance with Applicable Data Protection Law. For clarity, no additional consent is needed if Processor engages in a Restricted Transfer with a subcontractor authorized pursuant to Section 1.9 provided that Processor complies with this DPA and Applicable Data Protection Law with respect to such. 1.7. Confidentiality of processing: Processor shall ensure that any person that it authorises to process the Data (including Processor’s staff, agents and subprocessors) (an “Authorized Person”) shall be subject to a strict duty of confidentiality (whether a contractual duty or a November 2024statutory duty), and shall not permit any person to process the Data who is not under such a duty of confidentiality. Processor shall require that all Authorized Persons process the Data only as necessary for the Permitted Purpose. 1.9 Security: Processor shall implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the Data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, or unauthorised disclosure or access (a “Security Incident”). At a minimum, such measures shall include the measures identified in Annex II. Customer otherwise remains responsible for the accuracy, quality and legality of Data provided by Customer to Processor. If Customer decides to use Processor’s API to transmit data to a third party, it is Customer’s sole responsibility to complete any required security and/or legal vetting to ensure the security and compliance of their data transmitted outside of Processor’s systems. Processor is not responsible for any Data which has been transmitted or otherwise processed by Customer to or for a third party. 1.10 1.8. 1.9. Subprocessing: Processor shall not subcontract any processing of the Data to a third party subprocessor without the prior written consent of Customer. Notwithstanding this, Customer provides general authorization to Processor to engage third party subprocessors, including subprocessors that may provide services in the United States and other countries, to process the Data provided that: (i) Processor provides notice of the addition of any subprocessor (including details of the processing it performs or will perform) by updating the list of subprocessors maintained on its website; (ii) Processor imposes data protection terms on any subprocessor it appoints that protect the Data, in substance, to the same standard provided for by this DPA; and (iii) Processor remains fully liable for any breach of this DPA that is caused by an act, error or omission of its subprocessor. Customer may notify Processor of any reasonable objection to the addition of subprocessors within 30 days of such addition. If Customer does not object within such timeframe, such subprocessor shall be deemed authorized for purposes of this DPA. If Customer notifies Processor and objects to Processor’s appointment of a subprocessor on reasonable grounds relating to the protection of the Data, then Customer may elect to suspend or terminate the Agreement or any portion of the Services which are affected by the appointment of such subprocessor, if feasible, without penalty. A list of approved subprocessors as of the date of this DPA is attached at Annex III. Cooperation and data subjects’ rights: Processor shall provide all reasonable and timely assistance (including by appropriate technical and organisational measures) to Customer to enable Customer to respond to: (i) any request from a data subject to exercise any of their rights under Applicable Data Protection Law (including rights of access, correction, objection, erasure and data portability, as applicable); and (ii) any other correspondence, enquiry or complaint received from a data subject, regulator or other third party in connection with the processing of the Data. In the event that any such request, correspondence, enquiry or complaint is made directly to Processor, Processor shall promptly inform Customer providing full details of the same. Data Protection Impact Assessment: If Processor believes or becomes aware that its processing of the Data is likely to result in a high risk to the data protection rights and November 2024freedoms of data subjects, it shall promptly inform Customer and Processor shall provide Customer with all such reasonable and timely assistance as Customer may require in order to enable it to conduct a data protection impact assessment in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Law including, if necessary, to assist Customer to consult with its relevant data protection authority. 1.10. 1.11. Security Incidents: Upon becoming aware of a Security Incident, Processor shall inform Customer without undue delay and shall provide all such timely information and cooperation as Customer may require in order for Customer to fulfil its data breach reporting obligations under (and in accordance with the timescales required by) Applicable Data Protection Law. Notification may be provided through any format appropriate to the nature and circumstances of a Security Incident, including through email to Customer’s designated contact(s). Processor shall further take all such measures and actions as are necessary to remedy or mitigate the effects of the Security Incident and shall keep Customer informed of all developments in connection with the Security Incident. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer acknowledges that, given the nature of the processing, Customer is solely responsible for (a) determining if there is any resulting notification or other obligation under Applicable Data Protection Law with respect to such Data, and (b) taking necessary action to comply with those obligations, and (c) notifying Processor if Customer becomes aware of any misuse or breach of credentials issued to Customer, as further described in the Agreement. Data Deletion/Return: Upon termination or expiration of the Agreement, Processor shall destroy or return to Customer all Data (including all copies of the Data) in its possession or control (including any Data subcontracted to a third party for processing). Knack provides Customer with such export and deletion controls available through the Knack Services and the Agreement and Customer is solely responsible for exporting and retaining copies of all Data as needed prior to terminating its account with Processor within such retention periods required by the Agreement. The requirement to return or delete Data shall not apply to the extent that Processor or its subprocessors are required or permitted by Applicable Data Protection Law to retain some or all of the Data, in which event Processor shall isolate and protect the Data from any further processing except to the extent required or permitted by such law until deletion is possible. Certain Data may remain in archives used for Disaster Recovery (DR) purposes after termination of the Agreement, subject to the provisions of the preceding sentence. 1.12. Audit: Processor shall make available to Customer such information necessary to demonstrate compliance with Applicable Data Protection Law. Processor and Customer shall mutually agree upon the scope, timing, duration, control, evidence and any fees for the audit. In fulfilment of this requirement, Customer acknowledges that Processor is regularly audited against System and Organization Controls (“SOC 2") standards or its functional equivalent by independent third auditors. Processor may add or remove industry standards organizations at any time. Upon request, Processor shall supply a summary copy of such audit report(s) to Customer, which reports shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions of the Agreement. November 2024By signing below, each party acknowledges that it has read and understood the terms of this DPA and agrees to be bound by them, effective as of the date that both parties sign below. (Signatures follow on next page) Customer By: Name: Tony Dennis Title: Director - 4Sight Education Ltd Date: 20/07/25 Evenly Odd, Inc. By: Name: Title: Date: November 2024AnnexI DataProcessingDescription ThisAnnexI formspartoftheDPA, theEUSCCs,andUKSCCs,anddescribestheprocessingthatthe processorwillperformonbehalfofthecontroller. A. LISTOFPARTIES Controller(s) /Dataexporter(s): [Identityandcontact detailsof theCustomercontroller(s) /data exporter(s) and,whereapplicable,of its/theirdataprotectionofficerand/or representative inthe EuropeanUnion] 1 . Name: _______________________________ Address: _______________________________ Contact person’s name, position andcontactdetails: _______________________________ Activities relevant to the data transferredundertheseClauses: _______________________________ Signatureanddate: _______________________________ Role(controller/processor): _______________________________ Processor(s)/Dataimporter(s): [Identityandcontactdetailsoftheprocessor(s)/dataimporter(s), includinganycontactpersonwithresponsibilityfordataprotection] 1 . Name: EvenlyOdd,Inc.d/b/aKnack Address: 502W7thStreet Suite100 Erie,PA16502 Contact person’s name, position andcontactdetails: EricKatherman/Director-ServiceDelivery dpa@knack.com Activities relevant to the data transferredundertheseClauses: Theprocessingactivities thatarenecessary inorder toprovidesoftwareandservicesto November2024the Customer, which shall includehosting, storage, andprovidingcustomer service, as more specifically described in the Knack Privacy Policies at https://www.knack.com/privacy. Signatureanddate: Role(controller/processor): Processor В. DESCRIPTIONOFTRANSFER Categories of data subjectswhosepersonal dataistransferred: TheCustomer’semployeesandagents,other personnel,end-usersand/oranyother individualswhosepersonaldataareuploaded ortransmittedbytheCustomerutilizingthe Processor’ssoftwareapplication. Categoriesofpersonaldatatransferred: Personaldatafromtheabovecategorieswhich Customermakesavailableutilizingthe Processor’ssoftwareapplication,device, locationandonlinedata,usage,billingand accountdata,andsuchotherdataasdescribed morespecificallyintheKnackPrivacyPolicies athttps://www.knack.com/privacy. Sensitivedatatransferred(ifapplicable)and appliedrestrictions orsafeguards that fully takeintoconsiderationthenatureofthedata and therisks involved, suchas for instance strictpurpose limitation, accessrestrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a recordof access tothedata, restrictionsfor onward transfers or additional security measures: None [CustomermustnotifyProcessorhereif anySensitivedatawillbetransferred] The frequencyof thetransfer (e.g.whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuousbasis): Personaldatawillbetransferredcontinuously throughoutthedurationoftheDPAandTerms ofServiceinconnectionwithCustomer’s purchaseanduseoftheProcessor’ssoftware andservices. Natureoftheprocessing: Access,use,transmission/sharing,retention, protection,complyingwithCustomer’s directionsandsuchotherprocessingrelated toapplicationhosting,storageandsupportas describedmorespecificallyintheKnack PrivacyPoliciesat https://www.knack.com/privacy. Purpose(s) of thedatatransferandfurther processing: Asnecessarytoperformtheservicessetforth intheTermsofServiceandDPAandprovide theProcessor’ssoftwareandservicesto Customer. Theperiodforwhichthepersonaldatawill be retained, or, if that isnot possible, the criteriausedtodeterminethatperiod: Forthedurationoftheapplicablesubscription periodsetforthintheTermsofServiceand DPA,unlessthepersonaldataisdeletedprior totheterminationorexpirationofthat November2024contractbytheCustomerorbytheProcessor attheCustomer’sinstruction,andsubjectto additionalexceptionssetforthintheTermsof Service,DPAandKnackPrivacyPoliciesat https://www.knack.com/privacy. Fortransfersto(sub-)processors,alsospecify subjectmatter, natureanddurationof the processing: PersonaldataistransferredtotheProcessor’s sub-processorstofacilitateoperationofand supportfortheapplicationhosting,storage, support,analyticsandrelatedservicestothe Customerforthedurationofthetermsof ServiceandDPA,subjecttotheexceptionsset forthabove. C. COMPETENTSUPERVISORYAUTHORITY Identifythecompetentsupervisory authority/iesinaccordance(e.g.in accordancewithClause13SCCs) WheretheEUGDPRapplies,thecompetent supervisoryauthorityshallbetheHessen CommissionerforDataProtectionand FreedomofInformation. WhereboththeEUGDPRandSwissFAPD apply,thecompetentsupervisoryauthority shallalsobetheSwissDataProtectionand InformationCommissionerwithrespectto DataprotectedbyboththeEUGDPRandSwiss FAPD. WheretheUKGDPRapplies,thecompetent supervisoryauthorityshallbetheUK InformationCommissioner'sOffice. November2024AnnexII TechnicalandOrganisational SecurityMeasures Descriptionof thetechnical andorganisationalmeasures implementedbytheprocessor(s) /data importer(s) (includinganyrelevantcertifications) toensureanappropriatelevelofsecurity, taking intoaccount thenature, scope, contextandpurposeoftheprocessing,andtherisksfortherights andfreedomsofnaturalpersons. Measuresfor: Descriptions encryptionofpersonaldata Implementandmaintainmodernandindustrystandard encryptionmechanismasapplicabletotheServicesprovided. ensuringongoing confidentiality,integrity, availabilityandresilienceof processingsystemsand services Implementandmaintainaformalinformationsecurityprogram thatconsiderstheongoingconfidentiality,integrity,availability, andprocessingofsystems. ensuringtheabilitytorestore theavailabilityandaccessto personaldatainatimely mannerintheeventofa physicalortechnicalincident Implementandmaintainmeasurestoensuretheavailabilityof dataaccordingtoagreed-uponRTOandRPO.Measuresshould includebackupprocedures,geographicalseparation,and redundancy. regularlytesting,assessing andevaluatingthe effectivenessoftechnicaland organisationalmeasuresin ordertoensurethesecurityof theprocessing Implementareviewprogramforregularlytesting,assessingand evaluatingtheeffectivenessoftechnicalandorganizational measuresusingarisk-basedapproach(riskassessmentand internalaudit)andperiodicallybyaqualifiedthirdparty(external andpenetrationtest).Mitigationandremediationactionsrequired basedontheresultsofsuchtesting,shouldbedocumentedand executedinatimelymanner. useridentificationand authorisation Implementandmaintainmechanismsforestablishingidentityand accountabilityincludinguniqueID,strongpassword,and multifactorauthentication. theprotectionofdataduring transmission Implementandmaintainindustrystandardencryptionprotocols forencryptingdataintransit,includingbutnotlimitedtologins andsensitivedatatransfers. theprotectionofdataduring storage Implementandmaintainindustrystandardencryptionprotocols forencryptingdataatrest. ensuringphysicalsecurityof locationsatwhichpersonal dataareprocessed Implementandmaintainphysicalsecuritymeasuresforlocations usedfordataprocessingandstorage. ensuringeventslogging Implementandmaintaincontrolsaroundlogging,monitoring,and alertingbasedonpre-definedthresholds. ensuringsystem configuration,including defaultconfiguration Implementandmaintainaformalhardeningstandardtoensure thatconfigurationsofsystemalignwithNIST,ISO,orequivalent guidance. internalITandITsecurity governanceandmanagement ImplementandmaintainmeasurestoensurethatITpolicyand controlareestablishedandcommunicated,understood,and acknowledgedthroughouttheorganization. certification/assuranceof processesandproducts Implementandmaintainexternalauditandattestationofsystems andcontrolsusedtosecuretheprocessinformationrelevanttothe servicesprovided(SOC2,etc.) ensuringdataminimisation Implementandmaintaincontrolstolimitdatacollectedthrough theServicesprovidedandlimittheuseofdatatotheagreedupon usesorforprovidingtheServices. November2024ensuring data quality ensuring limited data retention ensuring accountability allowing data portability and ensuring erasure transfers to (Sub-)processors, also describe the specific technical and organizational measurestobetakenbythe (Sub-)processor to be able to provide assistance to the controller and, for transfers fromaprocessortoa Sub-processor, to the data exporter: Implementandmaintaincontrols tomaintain theaccuracy, completeness, and consistency of data over its life cycle. Implementandmaintaincontrols for deleting data according to request or agreed upontermsofretentionposttermination of the agreement. Implementandmaintainmeasurestoensureaccountability and responsibility for security, privacy, and breach notification. Implementandmaintainmeasurestoallowforportability of data andensuring completeerasure uponrequestorcontract term. WhenaSub-processorisengaged,Processor enters into an agreement withsuchSub-processor that contains data processing obligations substantially similar to those contained in the Addendum. November 2024AnnexIII ApprovedSubprocessors Name Countryof Storage DescriptionofProcessing Albato US,Germany, Australia Automationservicetoconnectapps andAPIs AmazonWebServices US,Germany, Australia InfrastructureandhostingforallKnack servicesanddata Datadog Germany Infrastructuremonitoringand analytics Google US Customeranalytics Robotandspammitigation HubSpot US Customerrelationshipmanagement Intercom US Customersupportchat& communication LogRocket US Customersessionanalytics Pendo US Customersessioneventtracking RudderStack Productbehavioranalysis SendGrid US Emailcommunication Stripe US Paymentprocessing Svix US,Germany Webhooksasaservice